Updated CoC to match OpenJS Foundation CoC. (#2)
ljharb/.github: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# Code of Conduct

> The OpenJS Foundation and its member projects use [Contributor Covenant v2.0](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct) as their code of conduct. The full text is included [below](#contributor-covenant-code-of-conduct) in English, and [translations](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations) are available on the Contributor Covenant website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects under https://github.com/ljharb use [Contributor Covenant v2.0](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct) as their code of conduct. The full text is included [below](#contributor-covenant-code-of-conduct) in English, and [translations](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations) are available on the Contributor Covenant website.
```
also, can we update it to v2.1?

Author: Sure! Will do so now.

## Commitment

All recipients of reports commit to:

- maintain the confidentiality with regard to the reporter and victim of an incident, and
- participate in the path for escalation as outlined in the section on Escalation when required.

## Report an issue in a project

1. To report an issue in one of the projects listed below, please use the method provided. The project itself is responsible for managing these reports.
    * **AMP Project:** <code-of-conduct@amp.dev>
    * **Appium:** email maintainers
    * **Electron:** <coc@electronjs.org>
    * **Express.js:** <express-coc@lists.openjsf.org>
    * **Fastify:** <hello@matteocollina.com> or <tommydelved@gmail.com>
    * **HospitalRun:** <hello@hospitalrun.io>
    * **LoopBack** <tsc@loopback.io>
    * **Node.js:** <report@nodejs.org>
    * **Node-RED:** <team@nodered.org>
    * **Webdriver.io:** [contact TSC reps](https://github.com/webdriverio/webdriverio/blob/HEAD/AUTHORS.md)
    * **Webhint:** <support@webhint.io>

> 2. For every other OpenJS Foundation project, please email <report@lists.openjsf.org>. The Cross Project Council (CPC) is responsible for managing these reports.

Reviewer: i think instead of a list, we should just say they all go to my email

Author: I am going to consolidate everything under a reporting an issue subheading to email you as said above. Otherwise, after the deletion, it would look like this: 

```
## Report an issue in a project

To report an issue in one of the projects please email <ljharb@gmail.com>.

## Report an issue in a space managed by LJHarb
email <ljharb@gmail.com> to report an issue. 
``` 
And that seems unnecessarily repetitive.

Reviewer: agreed, a single section seems fine.

## Report an issue in a space managed by the foundation

For reporting issues in spaces managed by the OpenJS Foundation, for example, repositories within the OpenJS organization or an live event such as a conferences, email <report@lists.openjsf.org>. The Cross Project Council (CPC) is responsible for managing these reports.

## Escalate an issue

The OpenJS Foundation maintains a [Code of Conduct Panel (CoCP)](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/HEAD/FOUNDATION_CODE_OF_CONDUCT_REQUIREMENTS.md#code-of-conduct-panel). This is a foundation-wide team established to manage escalation when a reporter believes that a report to a member project or the CPC has not been properly handled.

In order to escalate to the CoCP, email <coc-escalation@lists.openjsf.org>.

## More Info

For more information, refer to the full

> [Code of Conduct governance document](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/HEAD/FOUNDATION_CODE_OF_CONDUCT_REQUIREMENTS.md).

Reviewer: all of this should be replaced with something that says "email ljharb@gmail.com to report an issue", i think
